ENH: Add notes about transparency (#10)
nipreps/nipreps.github.io: docs/intro/transparency.md

> Black boxes obscure important steps in the inductive process mediating between experimental measurements and reported findings.
> This way of moving forward risks producing a future generation of cognitive neuroscientists who have become experts in sophisticated computational methods but have little to no working knowledge of how their data were transformed through processing.
> Transparency is often identified as a remedy for these problems.
> *fMRIPrep* ascribes to ‘*glass-box*’ principles, which are defined in opposition to the many different facets or levels at which black-box solutions are opaque.
> The visual reports that *fMRIPrep* generates are a crucial aspect of the glass-box approach.
> Their quality control checkpoints represent the logical flow of preprocessing, allowing scientists to critically inspect and better understand the underlying mechanisms of the workflow.
> A second transparency element is the citation boilerplate that formalizes all details of the workflow and provides the versions of all involved tools along with references to the corresponding scientific literature.

> > A third asset for transparency is thorough documentation that delivers addi-tional details on each of the building blocks represented in the visual reports and described in the boilerplate.

Reviewer: no need for "addi-tional".  "additional" should be fine here.

Author: ```suggestion
> A third asset for transparency is thorough documentation that delivers additional details on each of the building blocks represented in the visual reports and described in the boilerplate.
```
